H11_261127_TRMA — V2
Group/Client
Name TRIP MAMA
Destination —
Dates 26 November 2026 → 4 December 2026
Duration 9 days / 8 nights
No of Pax 4 Adults
Nationality India
Group Code H11_261127_TRMA_SMHAT
TRAVEL CONSULTANT
Haley
AT A GLANCE
DAY ITINERARY MEALS STAY
01
Thu 26
Nov
Phu Quoc Arrival - Sunset Sanato Phu
Quoc- Grand World (Private Transfer, No
Guide)
Private Car
—
WYNDHAM GARDEN
GRANDWORLD PHU
QUOC
★★★★
2× Superior Garden
View (Twin)
02
Fri 27
Nov
Phu Quoc - Vin Safari & Vin Wonder
(Private Transfer, No Guide)
Private Car
B
WYNDHAM GARDEN
GRANDWORLD PHU
QUOC
★★★★
2× Superior Garden
View (Twin)
03
Sat 28
Nov
Phu Quoc - 4 Island Tour With Cable Car
(Group Tour) - Kiss Of The Sea Show
Private Tour, No Guide
Shuttle Bus · Boat
B · L
WYNDHAM GARDEN
GRANDWORLD PHU
QUOC
★★★★
2× Superior Garden
View (Twin)
04
Sun 29
Nov
Phu Quoc Fly To Da Nang (Private Transfer
Without Guide) - Cam Thanh Coconut
Jungle - Hoi An Ancient Town - Boat Ride &
Release Flower Lantern Tour (Private Tour)
Private Car
B
SANTA LUXURY HOTEL
★★★
2× Santa Ocean View
(Twin/Double)
05
Mon 30
Nov
Danang – Bana Hills – Golden Bridge
(Private Tour) (B)
Private Car
B
SANTA LUXURY HOTEL
★★★
2× Santa Ocean View
(Twin/Double)
06
Tue 1
Dec
Da Nang - Fly To Hanoi (Private Transfer) -
Hanoi Half-day City Tour (Private Tour)
Private Car
B
LA CASA HANOI HOTEL
★★★★
2× Deluxe
(Twin/Double)
07
Wed 2
Dec
Hanoi - Halong Bay - Transferred By Shuttle
Bus - Overnight On Cruise (Shared Boat)
B · L · D
AMANDA HALONG 25
CABINS
★★★★
2× Deluxe
(Twin/Double)
DAY 08
Thu 3
Dec
09
Fri 4
Dec
ITINERARY Halong Bay - Hanoi By Shuttle Bus Hanoi Departure
Private Car
MEALS STAY
LA CASA HANOI HOTEL
★★★★
B · Br
2× Deluxe
(Twin/Double)
B —
DAY-BY-DAY ITINERARY
Day 1 · Thu 26 Nov: Phu Quoc Arrival - Sunset Sanato Phu Quoc - Grand World (Private Transfer,
No Guide)
Welcome to Phu Quoc Island. Our driver (no guide) will meet you at the airport and transfer you to
the hotel.
Check in your room(s) as per hotel's standard check-in time (~14:00 or 15:00).
Visit Sunset Sanato Beach Club, a beautiful beachfront destination famous for its artistic installations
and stunning sunset views. Guests will have time to take photos and enjoy the relaxing beach
atmosphere.
(Entrance fee included for Sunset Sanato Phu Quoc)
This afternoon at 5 p.m, we visit Grand World Phu Quoc – The "Sleepless City"
Located within the Phu Quoc United Center, Grand World is a vibrant entertainment and cultural
complex that never sleeps. This lively destination offers a mix of European -style architecture, colorful
canals, impressive shows, and exciting attractions for all ages
Suggested Attractions at Grand World Phu Quoc
These are some recommended spots to explore during your visit to Grand World. You’re free to
adjust the plan based on your personal interests. Please note that entrance tickets are not included.
• Venice Canal – Take a relaxing gondola ride through colorful European-style streets.
• The Quintessence of Vietnam Show – A cultural performance showcasing Vietnam’s history
and traditions (8p.m).
• Bamboo Legend – A stunning bamboo structure symbolizing Vietnamese heritage.
• Teddy Bear Museum – A fun and quirky space, great for families and photo lovers.
• Urban Night Market – Perfect for enjoying local snacks and picking up souvenirs
• Enjoy the spectacular Colors of Venice Show at Grand World, starting at 9:30 p.m., featuring
dazzling lights, music, and stunning performances inspired by the charm of Venice.
Overnight at the hotel.
TRANSPORT Private Car
MEALS No meals included
STAY WYNDHAM GARDEN GRANDWORLD PHU QUOC
★★★★ · 2× Superior Garden View (Twin)
Day 2 · Fri 27 Nov: Phu Quoc - Vin Safari & Vin Wonder (Private Transfer, No Guide) (B)
In the Morning, 08:00 a.m. start your day with a visit to Vinpearl Safari Phu Quoc, a vast semi-wild
zoo.
Our driver will pick you up from your hotel and transfer you to the safari.
Enjoy a half-day visit to Vinpearl Safari Phu Quoc, Vietnam’s largest wildlife conservation park,
featuring a unique combination of open zoo and semi-wild safari experiences.
• Explore the Open Zoo area, where you can see fascinating animals such as giraffes, flamingos,
zebras, and elephants while taking memorable photos.
• 10:00 – 10:30 a.m: Enjoy the Animal Show, featuring fun and educational performances by well-
trained animals.
• Experience the famous Safari Bus, where you can travel through the semi-wild safari zone with the
unique “humans enclosed, animals roaming free” concept and observe lions, tigers, rhinos, and other
wild animals up close.
• If time permits, enjoy the lively Zulu Dance Show before ending your visit.
Please note: Zoo Tram service (electric shuttle inside the park), animal feeding activities, food,
beverages, and personal expenses are not included in the tour price and will be self-paid if you wish
to join.
In the Afternoon, hop back into the car and head to VinWonders Phu Quoc, As one of the largest
theme parks in Vietnam, VinWonders Phu Quoc offers tourists an experience of a lifetime with a
world-class system of activities. Captivating stories, unparalleled adventures, and thrilling games are
all the highlights of this place.
Vin Wonders Phu Quoc is listed among the largest theme parks in Vietnam. Coming there, tourists
of all ages and personalities can find their ideal destinations to explore. The exciting activities and
the colorful life of thousands of sea creatures here will bring you an unprecedented entertaining
experience in your Phu Quoc trip.
1. The Adventure World: Perfect for adrenaline lovers! This area features exciting roller coasters,
drop towers, and high-speed rides that bring a real “theme park” experience. A must-try for
guests who enjoy adventure and energy.
2. The Sea Shell: A massive, turtle-shaped aquarium (one of the world's largest) with fascinating
marine life and often featuring a Mermaid Show (around 2:00 PM) and a Fish Feeding Show.
3. Typhoon World: Southeast Asia's largest water park, perfect for cooling off with thrilling water
slides (note that this section usually closes earlier than the main park, around 5:30 PM).
4. The Fantasy Land: Inspired by fairy tales, this area is perfect for families with children. It
features magical castles, interactive games, and gentle rides in a dreamy setting.
5. European Street Atmosphere/ Fire Phoenix Square: The main area for spectacular shows.
Don't miss the world-class multimedia spectacular, the ONCE Show, which usually runs
around 6:45 PM - 7:05 PM.
Around 7:30 PM: Meet our driver after the park closes, likely after the main evening show.
Dinner on your own. Overnight at the hotel.
TRANSPORT Private Car
MEALS Breakfast
STAY WYNDHAM GARDEN GRANDWORLD PHU QUOC
★★★★ · 2× Superior Garden View (Twin)
Day 3 · Sat 28 Nov: Phu Quoc - 4 Island Tour With Cable Car (Group Tour) - Kiss Of The Sea Show
Private Tour, No Guide (B, L)
07:30 - 08:00 Tour guide will contact and pick you up at your hotel, then move to Vinh Dam port.
(with a stop to visit the Pearl farm along the way).
• May Rut Trong Island: Swimming, flycam video, having lunch.
• May Rut Ngoai Island: Swimming, take photos with SUP and flycam.
Have lunch at the restaurant.
• The exciting water sports (pay by yourself).
• Gam Ghi Island, swimming with a life vest, snorkeling in the sea to discover the beauty of
natural coral reefs.
14:00Reaching Hon Thom, enjoy Aquatopia water park. More than 20 modern games and 6 themed
check-in zones of adventure waiting for you to conquer.
16:30Return to the mainland by Cable car. In about 20 minutes, tourists will be able to admire the
panoramic view of An Thoi fishing village, opening up a new perspective on the South Island.
17:00 – 17:30 Return to your hotel. Finish the trip, see you next trip.
Tour price includes:
• Round trip by car and speed boat.
• Snorkeling equipment: Mask, snorkel, life jackets.
• Lunch.
• Cable car and Aquatopia water park entrance ticket.
• Free photography with a SUP board, and flycam video recording.
• Travel insurance.
• A bottle of water.
• Local tour guide
5:00 PM - 6:30 PM: Catch the sunset view from one of the town’s elevated spots. This is the perfect
time for photography.
9:00 PM: Proceed to the "Kiss of the Sea" show, a large-scale performance located in an open-air
amphitheater in Sunset Town. The show blends water effects, light projections, and live
performances, creating an unforgettable spectacle.
Highlights: Themed Performances: Reflecting the unity of land and sea and Fireworks Display:
Concludes the show in grand style.
Tips: Arrive 30 minutes early to secure a good viewing spot.
Return to your hotel.
TRANSPORT Shuttle Bus · Boat
GUIDE English-speaking Guide
MEALS Breakfast · Lunch
STAY WYNDHAM GARDEN GRANDWORLD PHU QUOC
★★★★ · 2× Superior Garden View (Twin)
Day 4 · Sun 29 Nov: Phu Quoc Fly To Da Nang (Private Transfer Without Guide) - Cam Thanh
Coconut Jungle - Hoi An Ancient Town - Boat Ride & Release Flower Lantern Tour (Private Tour)
(B)
Leisure till our driver (no guide) pick you up and transfer to hotel for your flight to Da Nang
Welcome to Da Nang. Our driver (no guide) will meet you at the airport and transfer you to the hotel.
Check in your room(s) as per hotel's standard check-in time (~14:00 or 15:00).
1.00 pm: Our driver and tour guide will pick you up at your hotel (Da Nang area).
Start your adventure with Cam Thanh Coconut Jungle. As a fisherman at Cam Thanh Coconut Village,
you will learn traditional fishing techniques and how to row unique Vietnamese bamboo basket
boats while exploring the tranquil coconut palm waterways of the past. On this tour, we provide
authentic social and cultural insight into the local way of life in Vietnam. Furthermore, you will take
part in some hands-on activities that are fun, safe, interesting and suitable for everybody.
Visit the next destination, Hoi An Ancient Town.
Go to the Phuc Kien Chinese Assembly Hall, a colorful mélange of bright gates, dragon statues, and
elaborate rooftops. Shopping at Hoi An Central Market. Get an introduction to ancestor worship
while visiting the family altar and watching local devotees make offerings.
You will see remarkably well-preserved old houses, such as Phung Hung Ancient House or Tan Ky
Ancient House, that have withstood 200 years of weather and war. Learn about the prosperous
merchants who used to live in these homes, trading with buyers from all around the world.
Visit Museum of Folk Culture in Hoi An A display of artifacts depicts ancient local daily life. Especially,
you will enjoy art shows at Hoi An Traditional Performing Arts House.
Make a stop at the Japanese Bridge. The bridge spans a small waterway and was constructed more
than 400 years ago to connect the Japanese community with the Chinese who lived on the other side
of the water. Admire the carvings and paintings inside the bridge, learning about their symbolism and
cultural significance.
Additionally, visit some of Hoi An's well-known handicraft shops and artwork galleries. Discover
smaller laneways and local neighborhoods, gaining a better appreciation of Hoi An's endless charm.
Enjoy your time with the boat ride on the Hoai River and release the flower lanterns to pray for the
best luck for you and your family. You will immerse yourself in the fanciful space of lantern street.
Free your time with the night market and enjoy the shimmering space of Hoi An.
08:30 p.m: Return to your hotel.
Overnight at the hotel.
TRANSPORT Private Car
MEALS Breakfast
SANTA LUXURY HOTEL
STAY
★★★ · 2× Santa Ocean View (Twin/Double)
Day 5 · Mon 30 Nov: Danang – Bana Hills – Golden Bridge (Private Tour) (B) (B)
Breakfast at hotel.
Our car and guide will meet you at your hotel to begin your trip to Ba Na Hills.
Upon arrival at Ba Na Hills, board the cable car for a breathtaking ride on the world’s longest non-
stop cable car (11,587 meters) and the heaviest cable roll (141.24 tons).
At the top station, visit Le Jardin D’Amour Flower Garden and marvel at the stunning Golden Bridge.
Enjoy the opportunity to take photos of this iconic landmark.
Next, explore Linh Ung Pagoda, home to the tallest Buddhist statue in Vietnam.
Afternoon, continue your adventure by discovering the French Square and having fun at Fantasy Park,
where you can play a variety of games and enjoy the amusement park attractions.
Later, take the cable car back down the mountain. Return your hotel in Da Nang.
Overnight at hotel in Danang.
*Please note: Alpine roller coaster (USD 3/pax), Wax Museum entrance fee (USD 5/pax), Debay Wine
Cellar entrance fee (USD 5/pax for Silver ticket, including 1 glass of wine, or cocktail, or fruit juice),
coin games at Fantasy Park are not included in the entrance ticket, joining them will be at your own
account.*
TRANSPORT Private Car
MEALS Breakfast
SANTA LUXURY HOTEL
STAY
★★★ · 2× Santa Ocean View (Twin/Double)
Day 6 · Tue 1 Dec: Da Nang - Fly To Hanoi (Private Transfer) - Hanoi Half-day City Tour (Private
Tour) (B)
You will be transferred by driver from your hotel in Danang to the airport for your flight to Hanoi.
Upon arrival, meet your driver and continue by private car to Hanoi hotel (around 60 minutes).
Your room is available from 14:00 pm onwards.
Start with a visit to the Ho Chi Minh Complex, including the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (outside only
since it's closed on Mondays, Fridays and all afternoon), Presidential Palace, Ho Chi Minh's Stilt
House, and the One Pillar Pagoda.
Next, head to Hanoi’s Train Street to experience the unique sight of a train passing through the
narrow street. Enjoy a coffee at a local café here if you wish (at your own expense).
Following that, a walking tour in the Old Quarter will allow you to explore the bustling streets,
traditional shops, and colonial architecture. The tour concludes with a drop-off at your hotel.
Overnight in Hanoi
TRANSPORT Private Car
MEALS Breakfast
LA CASA HANOI HOTEL
STAY
★★★★ · 2× Deluxe (Twin/Double)
Day 7 · Wed 2 Dec: Hanoi - Halong Bay - Transferred By Shuttle Bus - Overnight On Cruise (Shared
Boat) (B, L, D)
After breakfast at the hotel and check-out, transfer to Ha Long Bay by the cruise's shuttle bus. Upon
arrival, board the cruise and begin your journey through the stunning Ha Long Bay while enjoying a
lunch of local cuisine on board. Ha Long Bay, meaning ""Descending Dragon Bay"" in Vietnamese, is
steeped in legend as the place where a sacred dragon descended from the sky. The bay, recognized
as one of the world's wonders and a UNESCO World Heritage Site, boasts around 2,000 karst islands
and islets spread over 1,553 km², with a geological history dating back 500 million years.
After lunch, participate in a guided tour of a grotto, where you'll marvel at the fascinating formations
of stalactites and stalagmites. Continue with a visit to a nearby island, where you can relax on the
beach or take a short hike to a viewpoint for a panoramic view of the bay.
As the day winds down, return to the cruise to unwind and take in the breathtaking bay view at
sunset. Then, join a cooking class where you can learn to make traditional Vietnamese dishes and
later enjoy a dinner featuring local specialties on board.
In the evening, join in on optional activities such as squid fishing. Overnight on the cruise.
Note: The cruise itinerary may vary based on your chosen cruise. A stationed English-speaking guide
will be available on board.
MEALS Breakfast · Lunch · Dinner
AMANDA HALONG 25 CABINS
STAY
★★★★ · 2× Deluxe (Twin/Double)
Day 8 · Thu 3 Dec: Halong Bay - Hanoi By Shuttle Bus (B, Br)
In the morning, start your day with a refreshing Tai Chi session on the sundeck at dawn, taking in the
serene beauty of Ha Long Bay. Enjoy tea and coffee on board as you continue exploring the bay’s
stunning 2,000 islets and some of its major highlights.
Later, you have the option to go kayaking or take a bamboo boat ride to explore hidden lagoons and
get up close to the towering limestone cliffs.
Around 9:00, check out of your cabin and savor a brunch (local food) while cruising back toward the
shore. As you approach the mainland, enjoy some final moments on the deck, taking in the last views
of the magnificent bay. Disembark at around 11:00 AM and transfer back to Hanoi by shuttle bus.
MEALS Breakfast · Brunch
LA CASA HANOI HOTEL
STAY
★★★★ · 2× Deluxe (Twin/Double)
Day 9 · Fri 4 Dec: Hanoi Departure (B)
Free at leisure until transfer to the airport with driver only (no guide escort) for your departure flight.
Check out your room(s) as per the hotel's standard check-out time (~11:00 or 12:00).
End of services!
TRANSPORT Private Car
MEALS Breakfast
ACCOMMODATION SUMMARY
CITY HOTEL STANDARD CHECK
IN
CHECK
OUT NIGHTS
Phu Quoc
Island,
Vietnam
WYNDHAM GARDEN
GRANDWORLD PHU QUOC
2× Superior Garden View
(Twin)
★★★★ Thu 26
Nov
Sun 29
Nov 3
SANTA LUXURY HOTEL
Da Nang,
2× Santa Ocean View
★★★ Vietnam
Sun 29
Nov
Tue 1
Dec 2
(Twin/Double)
Hanoi,
Vietnam
LA CASA HANOI HOTEL
2× Deluxe (Twin/Double)
★★★★ Tue 1
Dec
Wed 2
Dec 1
AMANDA HALONG 25
Ha Long,
CABINS
★★★★ Vietnam
Wed 2
Dec
Thu 3
Dec 1
2× Deluxe (Twin/Double)
Hanoi,
Vietnam
PRICING
LA CASA HANOI HOTEL
2× Deluxe (Twin/Double)
★★★★ Thu 3
Dec Fri 4 Dec 1
GROUP SIZE PRICE PER PERSON
4 pax 80,000/- x 4 ((inclusive of
taxes)
INCLUSIONS & EXCLUSIONS
What's Included
✓ Boat trip(s) as mentioned in the itinerary
✓ Tours and sightseeing as per the
itinerary
✓ Transportation by vehicles with A/C: 16
seat car for drop off and pick up at
airport, 7 seat car for tour in Phu Quoc
✓ Tour guide(s) escort as per the itinerary
(English-speaking guides - different
guides in different cities)
Not Included
✗ E-Visa to Vietnam (Single entry)
✗ Meals not mentioned in the itinerary
✗ Single Supplement. Early check-in and
late check-out charges. Room upgrades.
✗ Flights tickets (International and
Domestic) and airport taxes
✗ Bank transfer fees for payment and
taxes (GST, TCS…)
✗ Personal expenses (laundry, beverages,
and tips for hotels’ staff, restaurants’
✓ Bottles of water on vehicles for tour
days and transfers (2 bottles/full day and
1 bottle/half day)
staff, boatmen…) and services not
mentioned.
✗ Beverage on cruise
✗ Compulsory tipping for tour guides and
drivers for private tour
- USD 3 per person per full-day tour
- USD 1.5 per person per half-day tour or
airport transfer
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PLEASE TAKE NOTE OF THE FOLLOWING GUIDELINES
- Reservations for rooms or services will only be held upon official confirmation. If a specific service
is unavailable at the time of booking, we will present an alternative for your consideration.
- For airport pick-up or drop-off between 21:00 and 07:00, a supplemental fee for guide services and
vehicle usage will apply as follows:
+ For guide: USD 25
and above
+ For vehicle: USD 15 for a 4 - 7-seater car; USD 20 for a 15-seater van; USD 30 for a 24-seater minibus
- When included, guides and vehicles will adhere strictly to the confirmed program with a maximum
of 8:00 am to 17:00, or 08:30 am to 17:30 for sightseeing. Dinner time is scheduled within 2 hours
from 19:00 – 21:00 or 19:30 – 21:30 and includes pick-up/drop-off from/to your hotel. Overtime
charges:
+ USD 30 per hour for a guide and vehicle for a 4 - 7-seater car
+ USD 40 per hour for a guide and vehicle for a 15-seater minivan
+ USD 55 per hour for a guide and vehicle for a 24-seater minibus and above
Should you require additional time for sightseeing or dinner, we kindly request advance notification
to include the associated costs.
- For lunch and dinner which are excluded from the program, you will be responsible for your own
arrangement without a guide or accompanying vehicle/driver.
Your understanding and adherence to punctuality are immensely appreciated as they are vital for the
well-being and performance of our tour guides and drivers in subsequent engagements.
THANK YOU FOR TRAVELLING WITH US!